# Quiz"R"Us

> Quizzle is a video game quizzing tool that provides an engaging and fun alternative to help people study and learn.

The core of the project is a video game that focuses on allowing users to create quizzes, compete in leaderboards for quizzes, and create a reliable way to study through trivia games. The primary users of this project will consist of students at any level of learning, as it will provide them with a space to study, while also tracking their progress. The secondary users will be the educators, this will provide an environment for them to make use of competition to understand where a learner may be struggling. Lastly, the tertiary group of users will consist of people who wish to take any topic, and practice their knowledge of it.

This project is valuable as there are many applications that focus solely on studying, or head to head trivia competition rather than allowing a user to freely track their own progress, or the progress of their students. Just as students may write on index cards to study for tests, we are providing an alternative that reduces the waste of paper, while also being efficient for users as the application will provide features that will simulate tests similar to that of real tests. Through the use of a reward-based game system, creating an interesting, fun and addicting study environment will help support the learning process. By allowing the option to create a timer-based environment, users will be given the ability to practice answering questions within a certain amount of time through an intense exam-like simulation. This immersive study tool will have colorful graphics and animation, along with responsive sound systems that will focus on improving the experience of the learning process. Users will also have the option to customize their profile and settings, that align with their study habits. Lastly, the value in this application gives various options for trivia questions which is especially suited for users that like to expand their general knowledge.

The success for this application will be measured through multiple success criteria. Firstly, the number of downloads is a large indicator of success. This can be seen through the year, with a higher increase of downloads at the beginning of terms for educational institutions. Another measure is the number of accounts that have been created by users, or multiple users. A single user may make multiple accounts on a single download of an application, so this will help track the progress that it makes. The number of created quizzes by users will also help to measure the success of the application through the amount of interaction from educators or self-learners. The average user time during the day, and learning progression is also a large indicator of how successful the intention to promote learning is. Lastly, by striving to lower the need for support, this is a measurement for success as one of the most important parts when interacting with users is listening to what they need in order to improve their experience.
